
Attendees
======
Arturo, Noa, Robert, Aaron

Action Items
======
* All - Complete your assigned sections in the getting started page
* All - Add project ideas to project page
* All - Add hackathon project ideas
* Noa - get GSoC application form
* Robert, Aaron - follow up on a potential hackathon in Germany
* Robert, Noa - check the license for using educational materials

Meeting Agenda:
======
* Action items from the last meeting
* GSoC application
* P4 Hackathon at NSDI
* Other issues

Getting started page
======

* The getting started page is yet to be completed.
* Aruturo still has access issues. Need to try pull-request instead of wiki updates.
* This is a show stopper for further progress.

GSoC
======

* 2 more project were added, but more projects ideas are required.
* A few potential mentors were contacted, but ideas are expected only at the beginning of February, due to SIGCOMM deadline.
* Applications open this week, close Feb-6.

P4 Hackathon
========

* There will be a P4 hackathon at NSDI'19 (pending final confirmation).
* The date is March-1st.
* Project ideas are required for the hackathon.

Other issues
========

* Need to clarify the license for (re)using slides and materials under p4lang and p4lang/education
* Aaron proposed running a P4 hackathon in Germany, with a potential local sponsor. A potential date may be the last weekend of March - between EuroSys and Dagstuhl on programmable data-planes, both taking place in Germany.


