
Attendees
======
Arturo, Noa, Robert, Eder

Action Items
======
* All - Add project ideas to project page
* All - Add hackathon project ideas
* Robert - Start writing the high level description page.
* Robert, Aaron - follow up on a potential hackathon in Germany
* Robert, Noa - follow up with Srivani, Steve, Andreas on adding and using P4 videos.
* Noa - Add the discussed projects to the hackathon page.

Meeting Agenda:
======

* Action items from the last meeting
* GSoC application
* P4 Hackathon at NSDI
* P4 Videos

License
=======

License information was updated both on the main repo folder, and as a dedicated page in the wiki.

Getting started page
======

* Getting started page was updated.
* The page can still benefit from additional info.
* Next step is to start writing a high-level description page.

Videos
======

* Videos of P4 can be a very useful educational resource.
* Srivani was working on the curation of P4Lang youtube channel, status currently unclear.
* Other people (Steve, Andreas) also created introductory P4 videos, would be useful to include them too.

GSoC
======

* Application deadline is February 6. 
* Still collecting potential mentors and projects.

P4 Hackathon
========

* Preparations for the hackathon at NSDI at in full motion.
* Projects ideas are needed for the hackathon - discussed some options, but more are needed.
* The hackathon will be further advertised once the registration website is up.

Other issues
========

* Discussed how P4Edu can be further extended. Will reach out to more people to contribute to the community.
* The workgroup meeting on February-25th is cancelled due to NSDI.

