Attendees
======
Arturo, Elisa, Fernando Ramos, Noa, Robert

Action Items
======
* All - Add project ideas to projects page
* All - Add hackathon project ideas
* Robert - Start writing the high level description page.
* Robert, Aaron - follow up on a potential hackathon in Germany
* Robert, Noa - follow up with Srivani, Steve, Andreas on adding and using P4 videos.
* Fernando - Check potential education-workgroup session at Dagstuhl.

Meeting Agenda:
======

* Action items from the last meeting
* GSoC application update
* P4 Hackathon at NSDI update
* P4 Hackathon at Germany update


Hackathon Projects
===================
* Fernando Ramos: Ways of performing multiplication of two numbers in the context of network coding. 
* Fernando can write up description of multiplcation approaches, and send by Wednesday.

Ongoing work
==================

* Mainly focused at the moment on upcoming hackathon
* GSoC application results will be known at the end of the month. Discussed required preparations. Fernando offered to assist.
* Need to follow up on videos (Srivani).

Other issues
========
* Need to increase engagement with the education workgroup. We have many mentor, but just a few show up to meetings.
* Checking the option of running an education-group meeting at Dagstuh.
