Attendees
======
 Elisa, Noa, Robert, Arturo

Action Items
======
* Robert - Start writing the high level description page.
* Robert, Noa - follow up with Srivani, Steve, Andreas on adding and using P4 videos.
* Robert, Noa - Create repository in GitHub for NSDI projects
* Robert, Noa - Follow up with Aaron on Frankfurt Hackathon
* Robert, Noa - Create a list of questions to ask people who are teaching in P4.


Meeting Agenda:
======
* Discussion of recent P4 education activities
* P4 European workshop
* Information from other workgroups
* Feedback from teaching activities

Recent activities
==========
* P4 Hackathon at NSDI: successfully completed, 20 participants. Projects were ride ranging: substring matching, key-value store,  investigating mapping programs to different targets.
* P4 Hackathon at Frankfurt - around 40 people registered
* GSOC application was not successful

Integration with other workgroups
=================================
* Discussed the information flow from other work groups to P4Edu. We are not aware of new WG activities (e.g., sub-WG), and therefore can not incorporate materials.
* Discussed the information flow from P4Edu to other work groups - teaching experiences can be fed back to indicates existing gaps.
* Need to liaise with other WG chairs to see how we can improve the information flow.


Feedback
========
* There are already many teaching experiences - tutorials, courses, etc.
* Need to learn from these experiences - what works well? what requires improvements? where are the gaps?
* Possibly will collect information through a survey. Need to come up with a list of questions.

Other
=====
* Discussed potential P4 European workshop co-located with ANCS. Will follow up once more details are available on ANCS. 


