Attendees
======
 Noa Zilberman and Robert Soul√© 

Action Items
======
* Robert - Start writing the high level description page.
* Robert - Follow up with Theo Benson on P4App contributions to mininet
* Noa - Follow up with Steve on NS3 contributions
* Noa, Robert - Add new resource links contributed through the survey
* Noa - share survey results

Agenda
========
- Follow up on AR
- Update on edu activities (tutorial, workshop, hackathon)
- Discussion of engagement with the community
- Survey summary
- Decide on more concrete action items for the WG

Updates
========
- Completed action items:
  * Created a repository in GitHub for hackathons' projects and collected some contributions
  * Followed up with Hackathons (see below)
  * P4 education survey was sent out
  * Set up a wiki page listing P4Edu activities

- P4 education survey - the results of the survey are now [Available on the wiki](https://github.com/p4lang/education/wiki/P4-Education-Survey---May-2019).
   * The lack of documentation across resources was highlighted multiple time
   * Need to collect contributions from different community members and make them more widely available (AR taken)
   * Need to strengthen the online tutorials as an important teaching resource
   * Consider crowd sourcing lecturers and students notes as a source of documentation
   * [Deferred to next meeting] Need to engage with other work groups for specific "tutorial style" material
 
- P4 events
   * Upcoming P4 European workshop (EuroP4) is on track, to be collocated with ANCS'19, waiting for ANCS announcement.
   * Upcoming P4 tutorial at SIGCOMM'19 by Stve Ibanez
   * Following the success of the hackathon in Frankfurt, Aaron Glenn is working toward organizing another hackathon in Netherlands. The date is TBD to avoid collision with the P4 workshop and ONS. 
   * Upcoming P4 hackathon at IETF 105, organized by IRTF COIN. 


