Attendees
======
 Noa Zilberman and Robert Soul√© 

Action Items
======
* Robert - Update the calendar invitations
* Noa, Robert - Define a strategy plan (Due: September/19)
* Robert - Follow up with Theo Benson on P4App contributions to mininet

Agenda
========
- Follow up on AR
- Update on edu activities (tutorial, workshop, hackathon)
- Discussion of engagement with the community
- Decide on more concrete action items for the WG

Updates
========

- Completed action items:
  * There is currently no NS3 support for teaching. The available NS3-P4 project is [https://github.com/PIFO-TM/ns3-bmv2](https://github.com/PIFO-TM/ns3-bmv2)
  * Added new resource links contributed through the survey
  * Survey results shared with the workgroup mailing list, and are available on the wiki

- P4 events
   * Upcoming P4 European workshop (EuroP4) is on track, CFP is out and TPC is formed.
   * Upcoming P4 tutorial at SIGCOMM'19 by Steve Ibanez.
   * P4 Hackathon at the Netherlands still in preparations, target date around October/19.
   * Upcoming P4 hackathon at IETF 105, organized by IRTF COIN. 
- Discussed P4 Education workgroup engagement with P4 events not organised by the workgroup.

- The workgroup will move to monthly meetings until further notice.




