Meeting Agenda:
	• Deliverables for the upcoming year
		○ Getting Started (development environment, links etc)
	• P4 YouTube channel
	• GSoC
	• Advertising

Attendees:
	Eder, Arturo, Srivani, Noa, Robert, Andy


Advertising
	• Slack
	• Should people be members in order to contribute?
		○ We should ask Prem about this
	• Other P4 mailing lists
	• Are undergrads/grads of member organizations also members?

List of deliverables
	• Should these be organized around hardware targets?
	• Getting started page
		○ Pointers to download code
		○ Pointers to pre-built environments
		○ Installation guides
		○ Hardware compatibility guides
		○ Pointers to resources for learning more
		○ What is the operating system assumed?
		○ What software is needed?
		○ Point to p4 language spec
		○ Point to control plane interface? (P4 Runtime)
	• We assigned writing tasks to people
• Videos
	• As a first step, can we organize the videos?
	• Can we create a playlist of things that are useful?
	• Some videos have better/worse quality
	• Srivani will create the first set of lists + pointers to what is missing
		○ Will also take notes as to what is there and what is missing
• GSOC
	• List of projects?
	• Goal is to increase student engagement
	• Need a list of projects
	• Need a list of mentors
	• We should ask other working groups..
	
• Programming contest? How to advertise "interesting" projects, that are not necessarily publishable
	• Can we collect pointers to interesting projects?
	• Long term sponsor a hack-a-thon
	• TODO: can we post tofino-code?
• TODO: How to provide access to wiki pages?
• Agenda for next time?
	• Many versions of the SIGCOMM tutorials, etc. 
	• We should curate these. Point to the current ones.
Update on action items from last time
