
Attendees
======
Arturo, Steve, Noa, Robert, Elisa

Action Items
======
* All - Complete your assigned sections in the getting started page
* All - Add project ideas to project page
* Robert/Arturo - Sort access to the wiki (Arturo to send details to Robert)
* Srivani - Curate videos
* Noa/Robert - send targeted requests for project ideas questions to a few potential mentors

Meeting Agenda:
======
* Action items from the last meeting
* GSoC projects
* Upcoming P4 events

Getting started page
======

* The getting started page is yet to be completed.
* Steve has offered to add information regarding his bmv2+ns3 environment, still under development.
* Arturo has discussed incompatibility with Windows.

GSoC
======

* More projects ideas are required.
* Steve has a few ideas that will be added, mentor may be TBD.
* Will send requests for projects ideas to a few potential mentors.

Upcoming Events
========

* P4 tutorial at NANOG 75, led by Robert
* P4-NetFPGA tutorial at FPGA'19, led by Steve
* Checking the possibility of running an event at NSDI'19
