**Title:** Code Test Infrastructure

**Description:** Code rot is always an issue in maintained environments. With the P4 language and tools continuously evolving, we are seeking to build code test infrastructure that will allow to maintain the P4 reference environment, with a focus on materials curated by the education workgroup, over time. 

**Expected Outcome:** Continuous test infrastructure for tutorial code.

**Skills (Required / Preferred):** Travis CI, Docker, P4, Python

**Possible Mentors:** Robert Soulé -- USI

**Difficulty:** Medium

***

**Title:** Extend the P4 to eBPF compiler back-end

**Description:** The P4 programming language has emerged as a programming language for network dataplanes. The eBPF language is a safe virtual machine language that can execute safely within the linux kernel. The existing P4 to eBPF compiler does not support many important P4 language features. This project would extend the capabilities of this back-end.

**Expected Outcome:** Support for more P4 language constructs.

**Skills (Required / Preferred):**  C++11, basic networking knowledge, ideally some knowledge of compiler technologies

**Possible Mentors:**  Mihai Budiu -– VMware Research

**Difficulty:** Medium

***

**Title:** PSA architecture implementation

**Description:** Implement the PSA specification in the p4c compiler and the BMv2 simulator. The goal of the project is to have a working implementation of PSA v1.1. The project is organized around tasks that touch both the compiler and the simulator -- there needs to be a definition and implementation of the PSA externs in BMv2 and the corresponding code generated by the compiler. There are several examples of such implementations for other architectures (e.g., v1model).

**Expected Outcome:** A functional PSA v1.1 implementation

**Skills (Required / Preferred):**
        Required: 3+ years of C++ coding.
	Preferred: Compiler architecture understanding, IR transformations and traversals. Computer networking understanding.

**Possible Mentors:**  Antonin Bas, Han Wang -- Barefoot Networks

**Difficulty:** Completing the entire project is Medium, there are a number of sub-projects that are easy.

***

**Title:** Online P4 Tutorial

**Description:** Create an online P4 tutorial, based on existing P4 materials, that will provide through a web interface the ability to compile P4 programs and run bmv2 simulations. The code will be compiled and run on a backend server.

**Expected Outcome:** A website running the P4 tutorial online

**Skills :** P4, python, web design, (+TBD)

**Possible Mentors:**  Andrew W Moore / Noa Zilberman -- University of Cambridge

**Difficulty:** Medium

***

**Title:** P4-NetFPGA on F1

**Description:** P4-NetFPGA is a workflow that enabled compiling P4 programs to run on the open-source NetFPGA platform. Still, the NetFPGA platform is not accessible to everyone. This project will port the P4-NetFPGA workflow to run in AWS's F1 environment, including the design flow and reference designs. 

**Expected Outcome:** A complete port of P4-NetFPGA to AWS F1.

**Skills:** FPGA design and good knowledge of verilog (required), python (required), P4 (preferred), previous experience working with AWS/F1 (preferred).

**Possible Mentors:**  Andrew W Moore / Noa Zilberman / NetFPGA Cambridge -- University of Cambridge

**Difficulty:** Hard

***

**Title:** NS3 P4 Simulation Platform

**Description:** NS3 is a discrete event network simulator. The NS3-Bmv2 project has integrated the P4 behavioral model v2 into NS3, thus adding support for P4 programs. This project will extend P4 support within NS3 by implementing new P4 architectures and adding support for P4Runtime controllers. Students will also be expected to produce documentation detailing functionality and usage.

**Expected Outcome:** NS3 support for more P4 architectures.

**Skills (Required / Preferred):** C++ experience (required), basic networking knowledge (required), technical writing skills (required), NS3 experience (preferred), knowledge of compiler technologies (preferred)

**Possible Mentors:** Stephen Ibanez -- Stanford University

**Difficulty:** Medium

***

**Title:**  Inspecting P4 Program Execution

**Description:** Debugging P4 programs is tricky because of a lack of
visibility into running program. There is no such thing as a print
statement to inspect values at different points in the program. You can
reconstruct what the program did by going through BMV2 logs, which is 
confusing and tedious. This tool will make debugging easier by parsing
the output from BMV2 (logs and PCAPs), and displaying the timeline of
events (activated tables, executed actions, updated values) as packets
travel through the pipeline.

**Expected Outcome:** A debugging tool that integrates with BMV2 (and possibly Wireshark)

**Skills (Required / Preferred):** basic networking knowledge (required), P4 experience (preferred), C++
experience (preferred), Python (preferred)

**Possible Mentors:** Theodore Jepsen -- USI

**Difficulty:** Medium

***

**Title:** P4-NetFPGA Test Infrastructure

**Description:** The P4-NetFPGA code environment is continuously evolving. We are seeking to build a code test infrastructure that will allow to maintain the P4-NetFPGA reference environment, with a focus on the P4-NetFPGA reference designs, over time. 

**Expected Outcome:** Continuous test infrastructure for P4-NetFPGA code.

**Skills (Required / Preferred):** Jenkins CI, Python, P4 (preferred), verilog (preferred)

**Possible Mentors:** Andrew W Moore -- University of Cambridge

**Difficulty:** Medium

***

## Template

**Title:**

**Description:** (2-5 sentences)

**Expected Outcome:**

**Skills (Required / Preferred):**

**Possible Mentors:**

**Difficulty:** Easy/Medium/Hard

***

Additional mentors: Fernando Ramos -- University of Lisbon, Theophilus Benson -- Brown University
